kaggle_ID,ML_name,param_name,param_value
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,ccp_alpha,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,class_weight,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,criterion,gini
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,max_depth,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,max_features,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,max_leaf_nodes,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,min_impurity_decrease,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,min_samples_leaf,1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,min_samples_split,2
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,min_weight_fraction_leaf,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,random_state,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Decision Tree,splitter,best
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,K-Nearest Neighbors,algorithm,auto
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,K-Nearest Neighbors,leaf_size,30
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,K-Nearest Neighbors,metric,minkowski
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,K-Nearest Neighbors,metric_params,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,K-Nearest Neighbors,n_jobs,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,K-Nearest Neighbors,n_neighbors,60
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,K-Nearest Neighbors,p,2
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,K-Nearest Neighbors,weights,uniform
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,bootstrap,True
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,ccp_alpha,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,class_weight,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,criterion,gini
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,max_depth,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,max_features,sqrt
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,max_leaf_nodes,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,max_samples,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,min_impurity_decrease,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,min_samples_leaf,1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,min_samples_split,2
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,min_weight_fraction_leaf,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,n_estimators,100
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,n_jobs,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,oob_score,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,random_state,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,verbose,0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Random Forest,warm_start,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,ccp_alpha,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,criterion,friedman_mse
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,init,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,learning_rate,0.1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,loss,log_loss
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,max_depth,3
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,max_features,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,max_leaf_nodes,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,min_impurity_decrease,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,min_samples_leaf,1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,min_samples_split,2
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,min_weight_fraction_leaf,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,n_estimators,100
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,n_iter_no_change,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,random_state,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,subsample,1.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,tol,0.0001
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,validation_fraction,0.1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,verbose,0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,Gradient Boosting,warm_start,False
