kaggle_ID,ML_name,param_name,param_value
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,C,1.0
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,class_weight,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,dual,False
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,fit_intercept,True
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,intercept_scaling,1
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,l1_ratio,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,max_iter,100
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,multi_class,auto
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,n_jobs,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,penalty,l2
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,random_state,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,solver,liblinear
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,tol,0.0001
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,verbose,0
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression,warm_start,False
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,bootstrap,True
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,ccp_alpha,0.0
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,class_weight,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,criterion,gini
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,max_depth,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,max_features,sqrt
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,max_leaf_nodes,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,max_samples,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,min_impurity_decrease,0.0
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,min_samples_leaf,1
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,min_samples_split,2
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,min_weight_fraction_leaf,0.0
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,n_estimators,1000
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,n_jobs,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,oob_score,False
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,random_state,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,verbose,0
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,random forest classifier,warm_start,False
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,cv,10
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,error_score,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__C,1.0
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__class_weight,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__dual,False
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__fit_intercept,True
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__intercept_scaling,1
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__l1_ratio,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__max_iter,100
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__multi_class,auto
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__n_jobs,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__penalty,l2
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__random_state,
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__solver,lbfgs
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__tol,0.0001
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__verbose,0
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator__warm_start,False
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,estimator,LogisticRegression()
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,n_jobs,-1
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,param_grid,"{'penalty': ['l1', 'l2'], 'C': [0.5, 0.6, 0.7, 0.8], 'class_weight': [{1: 0.5, 0: 0.5}, {1: 0.4, 0: 0.6}, {1: 0.6, 0: 0.4}, {1: 0.7, 0: 0.3}], 'solver': ['liblinear', 'saga']}"
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,pre_dispatch,2*n_jobs
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,refit,True
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,return_train_score,False
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,scoring,f1
logistic-regression-for-binary-classification-task,logistic regression hyperparameter tuning,verbose,1
