kaggle_ID,ML_name,param_name,param_value
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,bootstrap,True
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,ccp_alpha,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,class_weight,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,criterion,gini
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,max_depth,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,max_features,sqrt
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,max_leaf_nodes,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,max_samples,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,min_impurity_decrease,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,min_samples_leaf,1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,min_samples_split,2
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,min_weight_fraction_leaf,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,n_estimators,200
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,n_jobs,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,oob_score,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,random_state,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,verbose,0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,random forest classifier,warm_start,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,alpha,0.0001
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,average,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,class_weight,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,early_stopping,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,epsilon,0.1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,eta0,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,fit_intercept,True
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,l1_ratio,0.15
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,learning_rate,optimal
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,loss,hinge
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,max_iter,1000
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,n_iter_no_change,5
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,n_jobs,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,penalty,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,power_t,0.5
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,random_state,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,shuffle,True
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,tol,0.001
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,validation_fraction,0.1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,verbose,0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,stochastic gradient decent classifier,warm_start,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,C,1.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,break_ties,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,cache_size,200
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,class_weight,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,coef0,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,decision_function_shape,ovr
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,degree,3
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,gamma,scale
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,kernel,rbf
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,max_iter,-1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,probability,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,random_state,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,shrinking,True
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,tol,0.001
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier,verbose,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,C,1.2
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,break_ties,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,cache_size,200
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,class_weight,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,coef0,0.0
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,decision_function_shape,ovr
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,degree,3
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,gamma,0.9
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,kernel,rbf
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,max_iter,-1
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,probability,False
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,random_state,
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,shrinking,True
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,tol,0.001
beginner-binary-classification-for-nice-movie,support vector classifier optimised,verbose,False
